Food inside the database alongside any, matching metadata
Food inside the database alongside full, non-matching metadata
Food inside the database alongside particle, non-matching metadata
Food inside the database alongside no metadata
Food not inside the database alongside full metadata
Food not inside the database alongside partial metadata
Food is not inside the database, alongside no metadata
Meal inside the database
Meal not inside the database 


Flow of the program
( Database concerns both the food log and meal log sql databases )
Break the input up into separate foods, how much is being eaten at the moment, and what metadata is assigned to each food
For each food
Search the database for a matching input
If input matches exactly, along with matching metadata
Queue input to be logged
If the food name matches, but the metadata does not match
Tag the food name with a duplicate tag and a number if multiple duplicates
Queue input to be logged
If the food name is contained in a database entry but does not exactly match
Ask the user if they meant the other food name
If yes: Queue input to be logged
If no: Queue input to be calculated (tag any matching metadata alongside it)
If the food name is not contained in the database
Queue the input to be calculated (tag any matching metadata alongside it)
For each in the queue to be calculated
Generate any macros to fully fill in the food log database. Any macros that were given, use those
Add generated macros to the logging queue
For each in the queue to be logged
	Add to the macro log database alongside the portions that were eaten
If the input is requested to be made into a meal
Generate a meal name if not given
Create the meal with appropriate food foreign keys and a generated or given name



Example inputs
I am eating a MetRx chocolate protein bar with 30g of protein and 30g of carbs
I am eating 3 brown eggs from Trader Joe's, each with 6 grams of protein
I am eating 4 eggs
I am eating 3 scoops of protein powder with some water
I am eating Kodiak pancakes. For each cup or dry mix, there is 15 g of protein. For each half cup of 1% milk, there are 8 grams of protein. The entire box has 4 cups of dry mix, 2 cups of milk, and 4 eggs. Right now, I am eating about one-fourth of the box. Make this request a meal named chocolate Kodiak pancakes
I am eating my chocolate banana protein shake. 
I am eating my homemade chocolate banana protein shake. It contains 2 scoops of Orgain plant protein powder, each scoop having 10 g of protein, 1 cup of 1% Harris Teeter milk, 1 cup of Chobani low-fat Greek yogurt, and one Trader Joe's medium banana. Make this a meal. 
I am eating a Chick-fil-A grilled sandwich and some nuggets. 


